blog-ep-10 (#72)
psf/the-invisibles: content/english/blog/ep-10.md

---
title: "PyPodcats 10th Episode"
meta_title: "PyPodcats 10th Episode"
description: "Celebrating our 10th episode."
date: 2025-09-15T05:00:00Z
categories: ["Blog Post",]
author: "Mojdeh"
tags: ["python", "community", "women in tech", "women in Python", "women in open source","python underrespresnted groups"]
draft: false
image: "/images/EP19-Una-podcast-cov.gif"
---

> We are back and we are happy to celebrate our 10th episode with Una Galyeva as guest. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Celebrate our 10th episode with us by listening to Una Galyeva's story!
```

 ```[text]

>  I think I tried almost all. I was only mentioning that I didn't try PhD yet. Working for myself, working for someone else, starting my own company, growing my own company, selling my own company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 I think I tried almost all. I was only mentioning that I didn't try PhD yet.
 Working for myself, working for someone else, starting my own company, growing my own company, selling my own company.
```

Just trying to break it into different lines. Currently it is rendered with a scrolling bar which makes it hard to read.
You may need to break it into even shorter lines, eg less than 80?

---
title: "PyPodcats 10th Episode"
meta_title: "PyPodcats 10th Episode"
description: "Celebrating our 10th episode."

> date: 2025-09-19T05:00:00Z

Reviewer: ```suggestion
date: 2025-09-22T05:00:00Z
```
